Add how to on debugging containered operations. (#167)
glotzerlab/signac-docs: docs/source/recipes.rst

   To test operations with a small interactive job, a 'test' group can be used
   to ensure that the operations do not try to run on multiple cores or GPUs.

> Pass options to operations run through containers or another environment

Reviewer: Matched the -ing form of the other titles.

Could "in a container or other environment" be simplified to "in another process"? I'm not too familiar with the terminology.

```suggestion
Passing command line options to operations run in a container or other environment
```

========================================================================

> When executing an operation in a container (e.g. Singularity or Docker) or a different environment

Reviewer: Motivating by formatting like problem-solution. I'm not sure my explanation is right though
```suggestion
When executing an operation in a container (e.g. Singularity or Docker) or a different environment, the operation will not receive command line flags from the submitting process.
```

> ``FlowGroups`` can be used to passed options to an ``exec`` command. Below is an example which shows
> how to use this feature to get debug information from an operation executed in a container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``FlowGroups`` can be used to pass options to an ``exec`` command. This example shows
how to use the `run_options` argument to tell an operation executed in a container to run in debug mode.
```

.. code-block:: python

    # project.py
    from flow import FlowProject

    class Project(flow.FlowProject):
        pass

>     debug = Project.make_group("debug", run_options="--debug")

Reviewer: Will _anything_ in `run_options` be passed to the exec command? If so, add a comment at the end of the line

Author: What do you mean by anything?

    # Other decorators can be applied like normal.
    @Project.post.isfile("a.txt")

>     # Must be first decorator.

Reviewer: `@debug` It doesn't look like the first decorator here. Why?

    @debug
    @Project.operation.with_directives({"executable": "/path/to/container exec python3"})
    def op1(job):
        with open(job.fn("a.txt"), "w") as fh:
            fh.write("hello world")

    if __name__ == "__main__":
        Project().main()

> To run the operation with debugging, use ``python3 project.py run -o debug``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run the operation with debugging, run the group called "debug" with ``python3 project.py run -o debug``.
```
